Gaming (#518)
solana-developers/solana-cookbook: docs/gaming/game-sdks.md

---
title: Solana Gaming SDKs 
head:
  - - meta
    - name: title
      content: Solana Cookbook | Solana Gaming SDKs 
  - - meta
    - name: og:title
      content: Solana Cookbook | Solana Gaming SDKs 
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develop games on Solana 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: A list of Solana Gaming SDKs to get you started creating your first Solana Game
```

>       content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develope games on Solana 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develop games on Solana 
```

  - - meta
    - name: og:description

>       content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develop games on Solana 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: A list of Solana Gaming SDKs to get you started creating your first Solana Game
```

>       content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develope games on Solana 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: A list of SDKs that you can use to develop games on Solana 
```

  - - meta
    - name: og:image
      content: https://solanacookbook.com/cookbook-sharing-card.png
  - - meta
    - name: og:image:alt
      content: Solana splash card
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:card
      content: summary
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:site
      content: "@solanacookbook"
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image
      content: "https://solanacookbook.com/cookbook-sharing-card.png"
  - - meta
    - name: robots
      content: index,follow,noodp
  - - meta
    - name: googlebot
      content: index,follow
footer: MIT Licensed
---

### Unity SDK

The unity game engine is known for its beginner friendly approach and cross platform support including WebGL, ios and android. Build once export everywhere.

> The Solana Unity SDK is based on a Solnet fork and the Solanart SDK and maintained by the Team Magic block. It comes with NFT support, Transactions, RPC functions, Phantom Deep links, WebGL connector, WebSocket connection support, mobile wallet adapter and anchor client code generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solana Unity SDK comes with NFT support, transactions, RPC functions, Phantom Deep lLinks, WebGL connector, WebSocket connection support, mobile wallet-adapter and anchor client code generation.
```

[Docs](https://solana.unity-sdk.gg/)<br />
[Verified Unity Asset Store Listing](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/decentralization/infrastructure/solana-sdk-for-unity-246931)<br />
[Example Games](https://github.com/Woody4618/SolPlay_Unity_SDK/tree/main/Assets/SolPlay/Examples)<br />

### Unreal SDK

Unreal engine is known for its great visuals and node based scripting framework. 
The Solana sdk was originally build by the team of Star Atlas.

[Star Atlas Unreal SDK](https://github.com/staratlasmeta/FoundationKit)<br />
[Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8fm8mFeUkk)<br />

### Flutter

> Flutter is an open source framework by Google for building beautiful, natively compiled, multi-platform applications from a single codebase. For more complex games I would recommend using a GameEngine like Unity or Unreal though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flutter is an open source framework by Google for building beautiful, natively compiled, multi-platform applications from a single codebase.
```

[Source Code](https://github.com/espresso-cash/espresso-cash-public)<br />

### Next.js/React + Anchor

One of the easiest way to build on Solana is using the Web3js Javascript framework in combination with the Solana Anchor frameworks. For more complex games I would recommend using a GameEngine like Unity or Unreal though.
The fastest way to set it up is: 
```js
npx create-solana-dapp your-app
```

> I comes with a complete app using Solana wallet adapter and some basic functionality which should ba a good starting point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a great starting application with wallet-adapter support.
```

> A benefit of using Next.js is that you can use the same code in the backend and in the frontend, which speed up development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A benefit of using Next.js is that you can use the same code in the backend and in the frontend, speeding up development.
```
